<div>
  <h2 id="-adding-a-depth-limit">## Adding a Depth Limit</h2>
<p>So far, our minimax function is guaranteed to find an optimal move, but it is impractical for all but the most trivial games. Game trees grow exponentially with each additional level of search, so the algorithm runtime is also exponential. With finite computational resources, we need a way to bound the runtime of the search. Using a fixed depth limit is the simplest mechanism to limit the runtime (although it introduces new problems that we'll see later).</p>
<p>Thad demonstrated the math to estimate a value to use for a fixed depth limit, so now it's time to add a depth limit to our minimax code.  We'll add the depth limit as an additional parameter passed to each of the minimax functions, and then we'll update the logic to cut off search when we reach the depth limit.</p>
<p>In the quiz below, you need to add a new parameter named <code>depth</code> to each of the minimax functions, then update all of the function calls to pass the depth parameter to the next function, and add a new conditional test to cutoff the search when the depth limit is reached. The depth parameter will always be an integer value greater than or equal to 1. Recall that the "depth" of a node in a graph is equal to the number of edges between the node and the root of the tree. (The depth of the root is 0, the depth of the children of the root is 1, etc.)</p>
<p><strong>Note:</strong> We aren't modifying the <code>terminal_test()</code> function to implement the depth limit. We <em>could</em> do it that way, but there are some cases where we'd like to treat a depth cutoff differently than when there are no moves left -- and we wouldn't be able to distinguish those cases because the terminal test only returns a boolean True/False.</p>
</div>
